[Music]
one night a man was looking out the
window of his apartment unexpectedly
from behind the window in the opposite
apartment a woman looked back at him
with a big smile as if inviting him to
stop by her apartment the man
immediately fell in love and was too
happy with the invitation moreover the
woman looks beautiful with a sweet smile
that asks him to visit her immediately
without thinking the man immediately
rushed to the woman's apartment it was
getting late and he finally arrived at
the woman's room he knocked slowly but
found the door open by itself as if his
presence had been expected and sure
enough the woman he had seen earlier was
in the room still with the same wide
smile but instantly the man's body was
petrified with fear it turned out that
the woman he had seen earlier was not
looking at him with a smile but her neck
was caught in a rope it turns out she
had just committed suicide